75-hard-tracker/README.md, before:

# 75 Hard Tracker

## Overview
The 75 Hard Tracker is a mobile application designed to help users track their progress in the 75 Hard challenge. This challenge consists of specific daily tasks that promote mental toughness and discipline. The app provides a user-friendly interface to check off tasks and monitor completion.

## Features
- Display the rules of the 75 Hard challenge as a to-do list.
- Check off tasks as they are completed.
- Track daily progress and completion status.

## Project Structure
```
75-hard-tracker
├── src
│   ├── App.tsx
│   ├── components
│   │   └── TaskList.tsx
│   ├── screens
│   │   └── HomeScreen.tsx
│   ├── assets
│   └── styles
│       └── styles.ts
├── package.json
├── tsconfig.json
└── README.md
```

## Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/75-hard-tracker.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd 75-hard-tracker
   ```
3. Install the dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

## Usage
1. Start the application:
   ```
   npm start
   ```
2. Follow the on-screen instructions to navigate through the app and track your 75 Hard challenge tasks.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue for any suggestions or improvements.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

add progress tracking features: allow start date selection and capture progress pictures

75-hard-tracker/README.md, after:

# 75 Hard Tracker

## Overview
The 75 Hard Tracker is a mobile application designed to help users track their progress in the 75 Hard challenge. This challenge consists of specific daily tasks that promote mental toughness and discipline. The app provides a user-friendly interface to check off tasks and monitor completion.

## Features
- Display the rules of the 75 Hard challenge as a to-do list.
- Check off tasks as they are completed.
- Track daily progress and completion status.
- Select a start date and track progress from that date, allowing for challenges longer than 75 days.
- Capture and store progress pictures using the device's camera.

## Project Structure
```
75-hard-tracker
├── src
│   ├── App.tsx
│   ├── components
│   │   └── TaskList.tsx
│   ├── screens
│   │   └── HomeScreen.tsx
│   ├── assets
│   └── styles
│       └── styles.ts
├── package.json
├── tsconfig.json
└── README.md
```

## Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/75-hard-tracker.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd 75-hard-tracker
   ```
3. Install the dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

## Usage
1. Start the application:
   ```
   npm start
   ```
2. Follow the on-screen instructions to navigate through the app and track your 75 Hard challenge tasks.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue for any suggestions or improvements.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
